.TH NETWIB 3 "08/07/2012"
.SH NAME
\fBnetwib\fR - network library

.SH VERSION
The version installed on this system is 5.39.0.

.SH IMPORTANT
Manpages do not contain a lot of information. Rather read
netwib-5.39.0-doc_html.tgz.

.SH PRESENTATION
Netwib is a network library providing :
 - network features :
    + address conversion
    + udp/tcp clients/servers
    + packet encoding/decoding/displaying
    + spoofing
    + sniffing
    + etc.
 - and general features :
    + data conversion
    + chained list, hash
    + portable threads
    + etc.
Using all these functions, a network program can be quickly created.

Netwib is available under the GNU GPL license. It was successfully
installed under Linux, Windows, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, MacOS,
Solaris and HP-UX.

This library has two main drawbacks:
 - In order to provide new features, functions prototypes may vary
   between versions. So, a program created with version 5.1.0 might not
   compile with version 5.5.0. To move around this problem, several
   versions of netwib can be simultaneously installed on the same
   system.
 - Netwib's features correspond to least common denominator of functions
   available on systems. This ensures a program compiled under one
   system will also compile on another. However, this design choice does
   not permit advanced features.
So, netwib is not suitable for long term projects. It is for small
projects or quick hacks.
.SH COMPILATION
To compile a program with netwib :
 - add "#include <netwib.h>" at the top of your C file
 - compile with :
     gcc -o file file.c `netwib-config --cflags --libs`
     gcc -o file file.c `netwib-config -cl`

.SH SEE ALSO
.IR netwox (1),
.IR netwib_dat (3),
.IR netwib_sys (3),
.IR netwib_net (3),
.IR netwib_pkt (3),
.IR netwib_shw (3),
.IR netwib_err (3)
