.TH NETWOX 1 "08/07/2012"
.SH NAME
\fBnetwox\fR - examples/tools of the network library netwib

.SH VERSION
The version installed on this system is 5.39.0.

.SH IMPORTANT
Manpage do not contain a lot of information. Rather read
netwox-5.39.0-doc_html.tgz.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B netwox
\fInumber\fR [ \fIparameters...\fR ]
.br
.B netwox
\fInumber\fR --help
.br
.B netwox
\fInumber\fR --help2
.br
.B netwox
.br

.SH PRESENTATION
Toolbox netwox helps to find and solve network problems.

It provides 223 tools :
 - udp/tcp clients/servers
 - spoofing
 - sniffing
 - address conversion
 - etc.

Netwox is mainly oriented towards network administrators and
security auditors.

Some tools are only a simplified implementation, while others are
very sophisticated. 

Netwox is available under the GNU GPL license.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
\fInumber\fR
number of the tool to use
.TP
\fIparameters\fR
parameters for the chosen tool \fInumber\fR.
Parameter \fI--help\fR shows help.
Parameter \fI--help2\fR shows description.
.PP
When using \fBnetwox\fR without \fInumber\fR and \fIparameters\fR,
it enters interactive help mode. In this mode, the user has to select
a category by pressing a key. Then by choosing a tool number, its
corresponding usage is displayed. Note: netwag is easier than interactive
help mode.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fBnetwox\fR \fI23\fR \fI--help\fR
display simple help for tool number 23
.TP
\fBnetwox\fR \fI23\fR \fI--help2\fR
display full description of tool 23. It also display
its description.
.TP
\fBnetwox\fR \fI23\fR \fI\fR
run tool 23
.TP
\fBnetwox\fR \fI23\fR \fI--extended\fR
run tool 23 with \fI--extended\fR parameter
.TP
\fBnetwox\fR \fI23\fR \fI-e\fR
run tool 23 with \fI-e\fR parameter (synonym for \fI--extended\fR)
.PP
All the tools are not described in this manpage.
Reading netwox-5.39.0-doc_html.tgz is
recommended.

.SH SEE ALSO
.IR netwib (3)
.IR netwag (1)
